What is NPM?
	npm is every thing bus not Node Pakage Manger
	basically it manages packages.
	its a biggest standard repository of all packages.
What is Parcel/WebPack? why do we need it?
	They are a Bundlers
	it provide opetmized, comprised, fast performance code in a single js file
	it is a powerfull liberary for react, using parcel make developer allow to use parcels powerfull features like hot Reloading, liver server, https access in localhost, parcel requires other modules to work.

what is Parcel cache?
	parcel cache is a folder that stores some secure files basically that files contains all cache files and help use to load server fast, basically parcels sotres the cache.

What is NPX?
	npx executes the npm packages

What is difference between the Dependencies and Devdependendies?
	Dependencies are those packages that are requires to use in production 
	Devdependencies are those dpepndiences that does note needes to push the code into production its doesnt have to do any thing with our main production code
	
What is Tree-shaking?
	its is a module that helps to remove all the unused code which is taking a unwanted space

What is hot module replacement?
	this module helps to reload or webpage whenerver a code saves

5 superpoer of parcel and describe any three
	1: HMR 2: debugger 3: Tree-shaking  4: dev build, 5: Caching
	so i have already explained tree-shaking,HMR, 
	caching: this parcel module help to cacheing the code for us, so whenever the changes code save it reload the server even faster 

What is .gitignore?
	is is a file the stroes all the name of folder and files that should not be pushed in git repo its culd be anything like your sensetive data, node_modules, etc

what is package.json ad package-lock.json?
	package.json is configration for our NPM. it store the data that out NPM requires to install the dependencies and the version of that dependencies
	package-lock.josn is store the exact version of each dependencies and devdependencies modules inside the  node_modules

What is dist folder?
	dist folder contains 3 main files the required to run our website that is HTML file, js file, css file
	all the dependencies combined together in new js file contain by dist folders

What is "browserlist"
	this is a tool for configure the browser version use my many liberarys. 

	